[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Richard Doty, a
retired special agent who served
in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately
involved with
UFO/ET related intelligence.
Today we are discussing the
Baltimore abduction incident.
Richard, welcome to the show.
>> RICHARD DOTY:
Thank you, Emery.
Good to be here.
>> EMERY: What is the Baltimore
abduction incident and what
happened?
>> DOTY: In 1981,
a schoolteacher--
we'll call her Maggie--
45 years old, from
Baltimore, Maryland,
was abducted by entities.
These entities
came to her house.
She lived in a nice, pleasant
area of Baltimore, Maryland.
And they floated
her out of her house
into an underground
facility and began
a number of different
experiments, some
including medical
experiments on her body.
>> EMERY: An underground
facility here on Earth?
>> DOTY: As far as we know,
what she explained to us--
and later on she went
through hypnosis and hypnotic
interviews-- is that
she was floated.
She knew she was being
floated out of her bed
and out of her house,
through a patio door,
and she went someplace.
She couldn't see the place,
but she felt their surroundings
as being a cool--
nice, cool place.
She ended up in an underground
facility on a table
with these entities, strange
looking entities standing around
her.
So she knew it was--
she thought, at least, that it
was an underground facility,
but she didn't know exactly--
>> EMERY: It could have been
another craft or something.
>> DOTY: Could be in a craft.
And one of the things,
when she later became
involved with the
US intelligence,
that was one of the
questions that we asked her.
Are you sure you weren't
in a craft, flying?
And she was pretty
adamant about the fact
that she was in an underground
facility, because it seemed
like a stable platform
to her, and she
didn't feel like she was
moving in any direction.
And they started doing
experiments with her.
But she was conscious during
this entire time period.
She could relay everything
they were doing.
She didn't feel any
pain or any discomfort,
and they kept assuring her that
they weren't going to hurt her.
The entities that took
her out of her residence
that she could
see were humanoid,
and they spoke in a
mechanical voice in English.
But when she got to the facility
where they examined her,
these entities were
entirely different.
They were small, about 4 and
1/2 to 5 foot tall, large eyes,
large heads.
The typical Grey looking
extraterrestrials.
So we got two different,
entirely different species
that were abducting her.
We determined or theorized
that the entities that
took her were either
robotic, created
by these other
extraterrestrials, the Greys,
or they were different species
of extraterrestrials working
in conjunction with
the Greys, because they
were the ones that could be seen
on Earth because they looked
humanoid.
And they could be blend--
they could blend into
American society.
And maybe that's why they
went to Maggie's home
and she maybe felt more at ease
looking at these things that
looked humanoid and even spoke
English, even though it was
in a mechanical sounding
voice and brought her
to the other ones, the
controlling extraterrestrials,
which were probably the Greys.
>> EMERY: So what was
their communication like?
I mean, what were
they talking about?
>> DOTY: Well, first of all,
they assured her when they first
made contact with
her in her bedroom--
she was in her bedroom.
When they took her
out of her bedroom,
they assured her they
weren't going to hurt her.
We're going to take
you out, and we're
going to take you to a
location where you're
going to be medically examined.
I'm paraphrasing, but
that's pretty much
the conversation
they had with her
in English with this
mechanical sounding voice.
She couldn't move, so she
didn't really have any choice.
They lifted her.
She floated out and down to this
facility or into some facility
where there was an
examining table.
Now, when she got there, she
didn't see these humanoid
looking entities anymore.
She saw these smaller--
which she'd seen on television
and other locations.
These are alien looking
entities that she's looking--
that she has around her table
that are looking at her.
And so she realizes
that now there's
two different entities
dealing here with her.
>> EMERY: How long did this
session last for before she
returned home?
>> DOTY: Well, she didn't have
any way of telling the time that
she was down there.
She only remembers
going to bed that night.
And this happened at night.
She went to bed and she
remembers going to bed between
10:30 and 11 o'clock PM.
And then it happened.
These humanoids came, floated
her out to this location,
whether it was in a
craft or underground.
Now, when she got back and
realized that she was back
in her bed, it was about 3
o'clock, 3:00 AM in the morning.
So it was a four
hour time period
that she couldn't remember.
>> EMERY: What
happened after that?
>> DOTY: Well, when she realizes
that she's back in her bed,
she realized something
happened to her.
She was abducted.
So that morning,
later on that morning,
she called the Baltimore
Police Department
and reported the incident.
She claimed that she had been
abducted and she went to some
location-- she doesn't
remember where--
and now she's back.
So two police officers
came to her residence
and they interviewed her,
and she told them the story.
Well, they didn't
believe a word she said.
They ridiculed her,
made fun of what
she was saying, and
suggested that she needed
mental health,
professional help.
And so she was upset that the
police wouldn't do anything
about it.
So then she then
turned to her minister.
>> EMERY: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: She wanted
to confide in someone.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: And other
than family members,
who probably wouldn't
have believed her,
she turned to her minister,
her Baptist minister.
So she made an appointment, went
to him and told him the story.
He thought it was a
fascinating story.
And then he said, you know what?
You need to get ahold--
we need to get ahold
of a UFO investigator.
They were out there
someplace, and we need
to find somebody that would--
somebody locally that
would listen to your story
and maybe they could suggest
where you went from there.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: Yeah.
And now the minister had some
knowledge of this phenomenon
because he had read
this someplace before.
>> EMERY: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: And he looked around
and he found a guy by the name
of John Schuessler, who
was a MUFON investigator.
And we all know who
John Schuessler is.
John Schuessler
listened to her story,
was fascinated in her story,
believed everything she said
and suggested that
she seek help.
And he suggested that
she see a Dr. John
Mack, who was a investigator
of this phenomena.
And he was in a close
area, New York City,
and he might be
able to help her.
So in a roundabout way, she made
an appointment with Dr. Mack,
and she went to see Dr. Mack.
And that's when she went
through a hypnotic interview.
>> EMERY: And he
performed that for her?
>> DOTY: Yeah.
Dr. Mack put her under hypnosis.
She told her entire story.
And what she told
in her story was
that when she was
eight years old,
she remembers these
small entities coming
to visit her when she was
just a little girl, years old.
And all this opened up her mind.
Now she realized that
not when she was--
this incident happened
a few weeks earlier
wasn't the first time that she
experienced this phenomenon
and saw these entities.
It was when she was
eight years old.
And over a period of her life--
she's 45 now-- she was
visited a number of times
by these entities.
She remembers when
she was in her 20s--
she doesn't remember
the exact age--
that they came,
and they told her
they were taking
out an egg from her.
And when she was
36, they took one.
And they she thinks this
last time, when she was 45,
they went in there and took--
examined her ovarian tubes.
So this was what they--
why they were doing this other
than to get her eggs out.
Number one, it really upset her
after this hypnosis session,
because she has four children.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: Now, what's the
connection between what they
were doing to her and her
birth of these four children?
>> EMERY: So how did the Office
of Special investigations get
involved in the
first place and why?
>> DOTY: Well, this is
going to be fascinating.
First of all, Dr. Mack, at
one time back in the late
'50s, '60s, he was in the
United States Air Force.
He was a physician.
He later maintained his
connections to US intelligence.
So he was one of our
deep cover sources.
I talked about this once
before on an episode.
And so he was the one that
notified OSI of this incident.
And the reason he
did that was he
thought this was so fascinating.
And he had some information
about another incident
that OSI was investigating
within the DC area.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
>> DOTY: Because Dr. Mack
was assisting OSI on that
investigation.
So he felt that both
cases were connected,
and therefore, he notified OSI.
And that's how OSI
became involved in this.
>> EMERY: So what did OSI
say after they learned about
Maggie's experience?
>> DOTY: Well, they
visited Maggie.
They asked Maggie
if she would consent
to coming to Bolling Air Force
Base to the OSI headquarters.
At that time, that's where
the headquarters was.
And undergo an interview.
And she said, yes,
she would, but it
would have to be on a weekend.
So they took her there,
and that weekend,
they set up an interview
room and they interviewed her
for many hours, where
she explained everything
that had happened to
her and everything
that she could remember.
And OSI then realized
that her abduction
was connected to something else
they were doing, because what
she told OSI was that during
these different periods
of contact with these
extraterrestrials, one of them
mentioned an address
in Vienna, Virginia.
And why they told
her of this, it
was as if they were telling
her, there's a safe house.
If you feel danger or you feel
uneasy about what we're doing,
you can go to this address
on Cherry Street in Vienna,
Virginia.
And she told OSI this.
>> EMERY: She
remembers everything.
>> DOTY: She
Unbeknownst to her,
OSI or US intelligence
had that address on Cherry
Street under surveillance,
and they'd had it
for many months.
So now all these things
are coming together.
And that's why OSI realized
that the story she's telling
was absolutely factual.
Right.
>> EMERY: So how did
they proceed from there?
>> DOTY: A few weeks
later, or sometime later,
she went back to OSI and
went through what we refer
to a hypnotic interview
by OSI psychologists.
And these are really, really,
really deep, hypnotic interviews
that can really go back
into the mind of a human
and bring out every single
thing that they don't remember
about a particular incident.
So they did this to her.
And then she went to
three different sessions
because they realized the first
session lasted a several hours,
and as you know, because
you're a medical professional,
you can only be in a hypnosis
for a certain period of time,
and you have to bring them out.
>> EMERY: Yes.
>> DOTY: And so she had to go
through three different hypnosis
sessions and they
recorded over 35 hours--
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: --of her interviews
over those three sessions.
35 hours, where she
detailed to these OSI agents
and a psychologist
that's conducting
this hypnosis, everything
that happened to her during--
since she was eight years
old and now, 37 years later.
And this was amazing information
that is brought out now
by this person who suffered
for all those years
that US intelligence
didn't know about.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: Specifics about how
they were placing things in her
nose.
They also implanted a
small chip in her left foot
above her toe, her big toe.
She told him about this,
and of course, after that,
they had a military
physician come in.
I'm not sure if it was
a podiatrist or what,
and he examined-- took an X-ray
and found that chip in her toe,
a device, whatever it is.
But they realized that that
device was sending out a signal.
But the strange thing about
this, and really strange,
is that the only time
that chip would activate
is when she was asleep.
When she was awake,
walking around,
they couldn't get a
signal to activate.
But they put her to sleep,
that signal came on.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: Which probably let the
extraterrestrials know where she
was.
Now, another thing, a
strange thing about this.
She spent time at her mother's
house in Northern Maryland,
not in Baltimore, but in another
house in Northern Maryland.
Her mother lived there.
She would go there.
During this hypnotic
interview, she
realized they kept track of her.
They knew where she was.
She took a trip to Florida one
summer when she was married.
She wasn't married at the
time she was divorced.
But when she was married,
they took a trip to Florida.
She realized that while she
was in a hotel room, when
her husband and her
children were out in a pool,
they took her.
When she realized that
she was being taken again,
she was taken to an underground
facility and examined.
It seemed to her like
she was there for hours.
But when she got back
in her bed and realized
that she was awake and
looked at the clock,
there was only a few
minutes that went by.
That made her extremely
nervous and upset
because she didn't
know what that meant.
How could they have taken
her for hours but only
a few minutes?
>> EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: And she realized that
there must be some different
time period or time sequence
that's different between them
and us.
>> EMERY: So once
OSI got involved,
was she put up on surveillance?
>> DOTY: Yes, she was.
OSI agents approached
her and told her
that they wanted to set up some
listening devices and cameras,
motion activated cameras
inside her residence
or her house in Baltimore.
She kind of hesitated
to proving that.
But they guaranteed her that
everything they recorded
would be confidential,
unless she
authorized the release of it.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
>> DOTY: And so she agreed.
So OSI set up cameras,
motion detection cameras,
and other listening
devices in her residence.
And over a period
of several weeks,
they recorded these things
coming in to her house
and taking her away.
A couple times this
happened that she never
realized it happened.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: That one
particular time,
it was photographed that these
things came in through a patio
door, a glass door, and
these things were there.
They took her.
She watched this video.
She says, I don't-- and
it was date stamped,
so she knew what date it was.
And time.
Again, about 11:30
or 12 o'clock PM.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: And she
doesn't remember that.
She says, I don't
remember that one.
>> EMERY: Did you see
these images, Rick?
>> DOTY: Yeah, I did see.
>> EMERY: And what
did they look like?
>> DOTY: These things
were human looking.
>> EMERY: Just human looking?
>> DOTY: Human.
I mean, these humanoids could
be walking down the street.
They had a suit
on, but it didn't
appear to be a suit
that we would wear.
It seemed to be like
a one piece suit
or almost like a
longer jacket that
went down about to their legs.
But their facial
appearance, they
were very, very light in color.
Although this is a
black and white--
>> EMERY: Were
they tall or short?
>> DOTY: They were very tall.
Probably 5'8 or so.
And they looked humanoid.
Now the only things that
were strange is their eyes.
Two of the close ups,
as they were coming in,
one of the cameras got a
close look of their face.
Their eyes didn't
appear to have--
they were not like
our eyes, with pupils
and the white part of our eyes.
They all seem to be
dark, the pupils.
And that's really
the only thing that I
saw that was different than us.
>> EMERY: Was there any cameras
outside to see if they went
into a spaceship or if they
load her into a car or what?
>> DOTY: Yes.
Another thing that's really
strange is that they floated.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
>> DOTY: They didn't walk.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: And when they
came in, they didn't walk.
Although the camera didn't
film their lower part
of their extremities.
But you could see the movement
of them, they floated.
And as they got
up to her bedroom
and one stood on
each side of her bed,
they brought their hands up
and their palms up like this,
as if they had some kind
of ability to bring her up
into a floating motion.
And they floated her out.
And when they got her outside,
they seemed to disappear.
The cameras didn't
photograph them getting
in any kind of spaceship.
>> EMERY: Dematerialized.
>> DOTY: They just disappeared.
Now, on one occasion, it
was heavy rain outside.
It was a downpour.
And when they got outside,
one of the cameras--
the inside camera
was facing outside.
Looked like there was an aura
around the two humanoids.
So was there some sort of a
cover to prevent the rain?
We don't know what it was.
And maybe it was just the way
the camera was looking out
into a lighted--
because there were
street lights outside.
So we don't really know.
I don't think they ever
figured out what that was.
But we never saw her
get into a spaceship.
>> EMERY: And the cameras
probably picked up her being
returned, or no?
>> DOTY: Once she got
near the patio window,
the camera activated, because
it was motion activated.
And it showed her coming back
and putting back in her bed.
And that particular time,
she couldn't remember it.
We tried-- we didn't
put her under hypnosis,
but we tried to get her--
I mean, we interviewed her and
interviewed her and interviewed
her, and she just
doesn't remember that.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: But the one that was
after that, she does remember.
In that particular one,
OSI agents set it up.
They planted themselves in the
residence to catch these things.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: And unfortunately,
they came in and got her,
floated her out before the
OSI agents could react.
>> EMERY: They
couldn't see them?
>> DOTY: And, well, a few
weeks later, OSI set up,
and they had more
agents at this time.
They had the FBI and they
had some other personnel
from another intelligence
agency there.
The first time that
they didn't get them,
there were only a couple
of OSI agents present.
This time, they were
set for anything.
And as these two
humanoids came in,
as they started to
approach her bed.
OSI agents reacted and captured
them, put them in handcuffs.
Now, once they were in
handcuffs, they told--
these mechanically
speaking humanoids
told OSI they were her friend.
They were Maggie's friends, and
she's allowed them to be here.
But as they took them downstairs
and out to the waiting van,
they wake Maggie up and
they said, we got these two.
We want you to identify them.
But they said, listen, listen.
Did you authorize these
people, these humanoids
to come to your house?
She said, no.
That's all we need to know.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: So these two were going
to be taken to a safe house some
distance away and interrogated.
Unfortunately, along
the way, they escaped.
And what OSI and federal
agencies ended up doing
was raiding the Virginia
residence on Cherry Street.
>> EMERY: Oh, right.
Yeah.
>> DOTY: And that residence
was registered to an Amos King.
Unfortunately, there's no record
of a Amos King ever living
at that residence.
And so they raided
the residence.
Everything was gone.
>> EMERY: So, Rick, how
do you think they escaped?
>> DOTY: It's a good question.
>> EMERY: I mean, yeah.
>> DOTY: Both OSI Agents that
were transporting these--
and it was in a van.
It wasn't in a car.
It was in a van.
There was one in the back
with the two humanoids,
and there was an
OSI agent driving.
There was an OSI agent
vehicle behind them
with an OSI agent
and an FBI agent.
And there was another
vehicle, I believe
it was a Virginia State
trooper, in front,
and they were going
to a location.
The agent in the back said
that these two started
almost morphing their face.
Their face appeared to be
morphing into something else.
And he told the driver, pull
over, pull over, pull over,
pull over.
I think we're going to
have a problem back here.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> DOTY: And when they pull
over to the side of the road,
these things kind of
dematerialized and went out
through the side of the van.
Now, if they have that ability--
>> EMERY: Yeah.
Yeah.
>> DOTY: There's not much
we could do about that.
And of course, they left.
And the ironic part about
this, the ending of this
is that she was never visited
again by these things.
>> EMERY: And have you
guys seen them at OSI?
>> DOTY: We've seen
them in other incidents,
other abduction stories.
But Maggie was free of
them, and she thanked us.
Got rid of them.
>> EMERY: From your
experience and perspective,
what do you think
this was about?
>> DOTY: They're concentrating
their efforts on the eggs
of a female, a human female.
And so what they do with them
after that, we can only guess.
>> EMERY: Through all your
testing with OSI, with Maggie,
did you guys notice anything
that was special or different
about Maggie that they
would choose Maggie?
>> DOTY: That's a good question.
Maggie was an
African-American female.
She grew up in poverty.
She put herself through college.
She was a teacher.
She taught elementary
school, taught second grade,
and I think fourth grade.
She was married and divorced.
She didn't have anything that
we determined in her background.
Although her mother
was still alive,
she didn't know where her father
was, and she had two sisters.
One sister cooperated and we
obtained some DNA evidence.
Her children all refused
to cooperate with the OSI
investigation, so we could
never get any DNA from them.
>> EMERY: But you
did get Maggie's DNA?
>> DOTY: We got Maggie's DNA.
>> EMERY: Was there
extraterrestrial DNA in it?
>> DOTY: I'm not a doctor
and I'm not a scientist,
but there were some
peculiarities in her DNA,
and that's all I know
and that's all I read.
Now, I'm sure there's probably
more to it that I don't know
and had never been briefed into.
>> EMERY: So do you believe
Maggie was a hybrid?
>> DOTY: I would
have to say yes.
I believe that Maggie
was, in fact, a hybrid.
And if we were able to, if OSI
or the scientists within the US
Intelligence Service was
able to go back and track
her heritage, which we
didn't do or couldn't do,
I think we would have found out
that she was probably a hybrid.
>> EMERY: Right.
It's a fascinating story, Rick.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> DOTY: Thank you, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]